Airfoil
=======

Note: this is the old Airfoil plugin that was distributed with Indigo 5/6.
Indigo 7 has a new Airfoil Pro plugin that replaces this one. We put this one
here in case someone needs to fix bugs in it for use with Indigo 5/6.

[Airfoil](http://rogueamoeba.com/airfoil/mac/) is a great application
from [Rogue Amoeba](http://rogueamoeba.com/) that allows you to stream sound and
video from your Mac across the network to a bunch of different devices - and it
keeps it all in sync. Many Indigo users use it in conjunction with Apple TVs,
Airport Expresses, and other computers to create whole-house audio systems, all
streaming from your Mac server running iTunes or other music applications.

The **Airfoil plugin** included with Indigo allows you to control the local (to
the IndigoServer) your copy of the Airfoil application and trigger based on
various events. 

**Note** - you must be running Airfoil on the same Mac as the IndigoServer.

Downloading for use
-------------------

Click the releases link above and download the release you’re interested in.
Once downloaded to your Indigo Server Mac, double-click the .indigoPlugin file
to install.

How to use
----------

See the [docs in the Indigo Domotics
wiki](http://wiki.indigodomo.com/doku.php?id=plugins:airfoil) for details.

Contributing
------------

If you want to contribute, just clone the repository in your account, make your
changes, and issue a pull request. Make sure that you describe the change you're
making thoroughly - this will help the repository managers accept your request
more quickly.

Terms
-----

Perceptive Automation is hosting this repository and will do minimal management.
Unless a pull request has no description or upon cursory observation has some
obvious issue, pull requests will be accepted without any testing by us. We may
choose to delegate commit privledges to other users at some point in the future.

We (Perceptive Automation) don't guarantee anything about this plugin - that
this plugin works or does what the description above states, so use at your own
risk. We will attempt to answer questions about the plugin but note that since
we don't use it regularly we may not have the answers. We certainly can't really
help with questions about your ISY.
